Add InterfaceDerivativeMatrix for conforming meshes (#498)
gyselax/gyselalibxx: src/multipatch/interface_derivatives/README.md

...

SingleInterfaceDerivatorCalculatorCollection derivative_calculators (derivative_calculator_1, derivative_calculator_2, ...);
```

We can then instantiate `InterfaceDerivativeMatrix` with the tuple of derivative calculator.

```cpp
InterfaceDerivativeMatrix<
        Connectivity,                               // MultipatchConnectivity class
        Grid1D,                                     // the given direction.
        ddc::detail::TypeSeq<Patch1, Patch2, ...>   // list of patches containing all the needed ones
        SingleInterfaceDerivatorCalculatorCollection<Interface_1, Interface_2, ...>>
        matrix(idx_ranges, derivative_calculators);
```

with `idx_ranges` a `MultipatchType<IdxRangeonPatch, Patch1, Patch2, ...>` object.

If we want to solve the system for a given function, we then use the operator `.solve_deriv()`.

```cpp
matrix.solve_deriv(
    functions_and_derivs,         // A MultipatchField collection of DerivField.
    );
```

During the call to `.solve_deriv()`, it computes the right hand side approximated vector $`C_{trunc}`$.
It solves the matrix system to get the solution vector *S*.

> It fill in the derivatives in th `functions_and_derivs` collection with the computed derivatives at the right place.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It fills in the derivatives in the `functions_and_derivs` collection with the computed derivatives at the right place.
```

Author: https://github.com/gyselax/gyselalibxx/pull/498/commits/4154f9e6bbd8600a944dcb88c4ab8f19fa9b3c15 
https://github.com/gyselax/gyselalibxx/pull/498/commits/0e97227342cf5614422364824a87c0a6fdda74a3

> In case of doubt, the full list of patches can be given. In this case, all the given collections
> have to be defined on the same patch set.

With these matrices, we can compute all the interface *x*-derivatives using the directions
$`\vec{y_1}, \vec{y_2}, \text{ and } \vec{y_3}`$,

```cpp
matrix_147.solve_deriv(functions_and_derivs_147);
matrix_258.solve_deriv(functions_and_derivs_258);
// ...
```

we can compute all the interface *y*-derivatives using the directions
$`\vec{x_1}, \vec{x_4}, \text{ and } \vec{x_7}`$,

```cpp
matrix_123.solve_deriv(functions_and_derivs_123);
matrix_456.solve_deriv(functions_and_derivs_456);
// ...
```

From the computed first derivatives, we can compute the cross-derivatives along one of the other direction.
E.g.

```cpp
matrix_123.solve_cross_deriv(functions_and_derivs_123); // along x direction using y-derivatives 
// ...
// or
matrix_147.solve_cross_deriv(functions_and_derivs_147); // along y direction using x-derivatives
// ...
```

Once the all derivatives computed on for every patch using all the interfaces,
all have the data to build local spline representations.

:warning: **Warning:**

> The cross-derivatives are computed from the first derivatives. So, the `.solve_deriv()` has to be applied before the `.solve_cross_deriv()`.

Author: https://github.com/gyselax/gyselalibxx/pull/498/commits/4154f9e6bbd8600a944dcb88c4ab8f19fa9b3c15 
https://github.com/gyselax/gyselalibxx/pull/498/commits/0e97227342cf5614422364824a87c0a6fdda74a3
